Add Project Loved: October 2020 news post (#4382)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2020-10-29-project-loved-october-2020.md

280 BPM, 4:14 | 8.06★\
*description written by [-Kazu-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)*

This month we have katagiri's *STRONG 280*, a highly requested map by KTYN and X a v y, who managed to blend their styles together perfectly for an incredibly comfy 280 BPM map. KTYN is already known for these types of maps, so this stands out more for its stamina-heavy patterning that drains you throughout the whole song. It also helps a lot how catchy the song is and is a nice surprise to see a breakcore-ish song have a stamina-based style rather than a tech focus, so while this is definitely a difficult map for most players, it's also one of the most fun maps we've had a chance to feature in Loved.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-10-29-project-loved-october-2020/taiko/2-vtuber-mads.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Various Artists - VTuber MADs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1138635#taiko) by [X a v y](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3738344)\
98 – 280 BPM, 4:09 | 3.19★ – 8.19★\
The \[spinner\] difficulty is *not* being nominated for Loved.\
*description written by [Raphalge](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3918650)*

> Everyone's seen them... you, your friends, your mom, probably your dog I don't know your life. Well, no matter your opinion one thing is clear. VTubers are here to stay. They're all over your Twitter feed, in your Discord chats, and maybe there's even one behind you right now! With outdoor activities being discouraged, I suppose the virtual world takes over. So... why not spread the VTuber craze over to osu! too? Funny you should ask, because it seems our friend X a v y has gone above and beyond in doing just that! With a compilation mapset of *50* different VTuber MAD songs, they've got 99% of the playerbase set up with difficulties covering 3\* and everything up to 8\*. Looking at your already overwhelming support, you've clearly shown us that you love your VTubers. How about showing it again?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone's seen them... you, your friends, your mom, probably your dog... I don't know your life. Well, no matter your opinion one thing is clear: VTubers are here to stay. They're all over your Twitter feed, in your Discord chats, and maybe there's even one behind you right now! With outdoor activities being discouraged, I suppose the virtual world takes over. So... why not spread the VTuber craze over to osu! too?

Funny you should ask, because it seems our friend X a v y has gone above and beyond in doing just that! With a compilation mapset of *50* different VTuber MAD songs, they've got 99% of the playerbase set up with difficulties covering 3\* and everything up to 8\*. Looking at your already overwhelming support, you've clearly shown us that you love your VTubers. How about showing it again?
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-10-29-project-loved-october-2020/taiko/3-issyogaii.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[kawaii amen girl - issyogaii](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1173620#taiko) by [hoku](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9503098), [KTYN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2250574), [HEKUSODASU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9044692) and [Socus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10196449)\
230 BPM, 2:49 | 6.67★, 6.88★, 6.97★, 7.06★\
*description written by [D3kuu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7807444)*

> Have you ever wondered why Breakcore mapsets are so popular among osu!taiko players and mappers? To easily understand this just look at *kawaii amen girl - issyogaii*, mapped by hoku, with three guest difficulties from KTYN, HEKUSODASU, and Socus. This mapset, with its impeccable flow and a similar, but at the same time unique flair on each difficulty keeps it fresh and embodies the very soul of breakcore. If this isn't enough to make you interested, should I mention the challenge this mapset offers? All the difficulties, with their cleverly placed high BPM bursts and the streamy patterns, can be a real challenge even for experienced players, without sacrificing any fun or playability thanks to all the care put on each difficulty. What are you waiting for? Go play this masterpiece! With names like hoku, quality is the first thing that comes to mind, and for very good reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you ever wondered why Breakcore mapsets are so popular among osu!taiko players and mappers? To easily understand this just look at *kawaii amen girl - issyogaii*, mapped by hoku, with three guest difficulties from KTYN, HEKUSODASU, and Socus. 

This mapset, with its impeccable flow and a similar (but at the same time unique) flair on each difficulty keeps it fresh and embodies the very soul of breakcore. If this isn't enough to make you interested, should I mention the challenge this mapset offers? All the difficulties, with their cleverly placed high BPM bursts and the streamy patterns, can be a real challenge even for experienced players, without sacrificing any fun or playability thanks to all the care put on each difficulty. 

What are you waiting for? Go play this masterpiece! With names like hoku, quality is the first thing that comes to mind, and for very good reason.
```

252 BPM, 2:00 | 7.74★, 8.59★, 9.07★\
*description written by [Wesley](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2407265)*

So this month we have yet another map created by Zyzyx, who is fairly known for their challenging maps that will test your consistency, speed, and ability to combo under pressure. This map is by no means an exception; it consists of three difficulties each having their own variants of patterns. The map has a BPM of 252, you have no chance to catch a break (outside of the actual break of course) to calm down your nerves, and there's basically no dull moment in any of the difficulties. With the three difficulties in this mapset there will be at least one difficulty you will like, so read no longer and try it out!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-10-29-project-loved-october-2020/catch/2-anti-the-euphoriaholic.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[storyteller(cosMo x GAiA) feat. IA, Kagamine Rin - Anti the EuphoriaHOLiC](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/788287#fruits) by [Memoriola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6856387)\
180 BPM, 4:11 | 7.92★\
*description written by [Tenshichan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1101600)*

> Does this map remind you of something? If you have déjà-vu right now, don't worry, you are not crazy. *Anti the EuphoriaHOLiC* by Memoriola is the sequel to *ANTI THE infinite HOLIC*, which was Loved in the beginning of 2019. Not only are the titles of the songs similar, the maps are similar too: if you are familiar with Memoriola's already Loved map, then you know what to expect. There's fast but really creative patterns that are tricky to read and play, which makes getting an FC, let alone a good combo, very hard. The AR being 9.8 also tests your ability to read and react to these insane patterns in time. Overall, this is a really fun map and a nice challenge mostly for experienced players, but that doesn't mean that aspiring players can't have fun with it too! Make sure to give this map a try!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does this map remind you of something? If you have déjà-vu right now, don't worry, you are not crazy. *Anti the EuphoriaHOLiC* by Memoriola is the sequel to *ANTI THE infinite HOLIC*, which was Loved in the beginning of 2019. 

Not only are the titles of the songs similar, the maps are similar too: if you are familiar with Memoriola's already Loved map, then you know what to expect. There's fast but really creative patterns that are tricky to read and play, which makes getting an FC, let alone a good combo, very hard. The AR being 9.8 also tests your ability to read and react to these insane patterns in time. Overall, this is a really fun map and a nice challenge mostly for experienced players, but that doesn't mean that aspiring players can't have fun with it too! 

Make sure to give this map a try!
```

---

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-10-29-project-loved-october-2020/mania/1-forgotten.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[The Ghost of 3.13 - Forgotten](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/338665#mania) by [Shoegazer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2520707) and [Zyph](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1600432)\
250 BPM, 2:42 | \[4K\], 4.50★ – 5.92★

*În micul orășel, uitat de lume.* Contrary to its name, this chart has hardly been forgotten—the Collab difficulty by Shoegazer and Zyph, mapped in 2015, has garnered quite the popularity, being featured in both Shoegazer's 10th Dan v2 and the infamous Epsilon dan (sped up by 1.4), as well as the finals pool in MWC 2015. It is a very heavy technical map with harsh bursts, rolls, and longjacks, and its ecstatic patterning throughout the entire map keeps players on their toes for the duration of the map. It also has very light stutter SVs which might trip some players up if they aren't careful enough.

> The newer difficulty, Extra, is a significantly lighter but no less technical approach in comparison to the Collab difficulty. Mapped in 2020, Extra emphasizes musical accuracy and detail, which it is able to accomplish because of its lighter nature. It features many two-handed trills, rolly bursts, and short anchors. The mapset featuring rates of this difficulty up to 350 BPM (1.4) leans itself to be a more approachable chart for players of a larger skill range, though still being a great challenge for all. It had received a good amount of popularity even prior to its usage in MWC 2020 and continues to be played frequently among competitive players within the mapset's skill range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newer difficulty, Extra, is a significantly lighter but no less technical approach in comparison to the Collab difficulty. Mapped in 2020, Extra emphasizes musical accuracy and detail, which it is able to accomplish because of its lighter nature. It features many two-handed trills, rolly bursts, and short anchors. The mapset featuring rates of this difficulty up to 350 BPM (1.4) leans itself to be a more approachable chart for players of a larger skill range, though still being a great challenge for all. It was already fairly popular even prior to its usage in MWC 2020 and continues to be played frequently among competitive players within the mapset's skill range.
```

Both difficulties are very well representative of the erratic character of The Ghost of 3.13's signature breakcore style, and are both greatly popular in many circles of the rhythm game community. As the map continues to prove itself a steadfast pillar in the altar of high-level technical maps, with it cast into the fate of the community in voting, this map henceforth shall never be forgotten in the Loved section.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-10-29-project-loved-october-2020/mania/2-slavik-goblins.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[goreshit - slavik goblins](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/322331#mania) by [stankill](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2583455) and [Quick Draw](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3174286)\
270 BPM, 2:43 | \[4K\] 3.84★, \[4K\] 6.27★

> *slavik goblins* is a chart that will give an immediate image to anyone who has been around osu!mania for the last half-decade: unbelievably fast bursts, blistering and dense jumpstream and handstreams, and little to no break to speak of aside from the transition just after the first half (if you could even call that a break). It got its massive reputation simply by being an extremely difficult, yet doable, challenge, and even today is marked as a skill-check map for stamina, fast jumpstream and handstream by a multitude of high-end players. The added MX difficulty by Quick Draw gives it some appeal to lower-end players as well, and allows for this to be a set accessible set for many players. The map would certainly live up to its expectations as a Loved nomination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*slavik goblins* is a chart that will give an immediate image to anyone who has been around osu!mania for the last half-decade: unbelievably fast bursts, blistering and dense jumpstream and handstreams, and little to no break to speak of aside from the transition just after the first half (if you could even call that a break). 

It got its massive reputation simply by being an extremely difficult, yet doable, challenge, and even today is marked as a skill-check map for stamina, fast jumpstream and handstream by a multitude of high-end players. The added MX difficulty by Quick Draw gives it some appeal to lower-end players as well, and allows for this to be a set accessible set for many players. The map would certainly live up to its expectations as a Loved nomination.
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-10-29-project-loved-october-2020/mania/3-fubuki.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Nishizawa Shiena - FUBUKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/642420#mania) by [Myzki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3221985)\
180 BPM, 4:07 | \[4K\] 7.04★

A true relic of its time, *Fubuki*'s a jam-packed LN fiasco, with ridiculous bursts, wacky LN chordjacks/graces, and overall fun, tappy inverse streams. Though the spiciness of the bursts might look scary, the low OD and the nostalgic, catchy tunes are sure to turn any seasoned LN player's head. Just beware of the tricky transitions and spikes—as with any Myzki (formerly known as Niima) chart—and let your fingers jump along on the ride.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-10-29-project-loved-october-2020/mania/4-wavetapper.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Frums - Wavetapper](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/866661#mania) by [-mint-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576)\
112 BPM, 2:41 | \[4K\] 2.34★, \[4K\] 2.50★

> Night and day is one way you could compare this nomination with -mint-'s previous nomination, *Arche*. If that was a was a jam-packed, speedy, brute-force, all-rounded marathon experience, then her map for *Wavetapper* could be considered more of a calm, short and sweet, and tricky test of a particularly niche skill set, SV memorization and accuracy. The song itself is quite light, and mint was able to take advantage of that with her light approach to the note layering throughout, giving way for many SV effects that are not only difficult to learn and satisfying to play, but effective in matching the tone and sounds presented within the song. Its popularity as an SV map and use in so many community tournaments (and most recently, even in the 2020 osu!mania World Cup!) is a no-brainer given its simple setup and tricky learning curve, making it the perfect addition to the Loved nominations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Night and day is one way you could compare this nomination with -mint-'s previous nomination, *Arche*. If that was a was a jam-packed, speedy, brute-force, all-rounded marathon experience, then her map for *Wavetapper* could be considered more of a calm, short and sweet, and tricky test of a particularly niche skill set, SV memorization and accuracy. 

The song itself is quite light, and mint was able to take advantage of that with her light approach to the note layering throughout, giving way for many SV effects that are not only difficult to learn and satisfying to play, but effective in matching the tone and sounds presented within the song. Its popularity as an SV map and use in so many community tournaments (and most recently, even in the 2020 osu!mania World Cup!) is a no-brainer given its simple setup and tricky learning curve, making it the perfect addition to the Loved nominations.
```
